### Agent Simulation using Random Walk

#### Introduction
Complete as many steps as possible in the available time. Unless agreed in previous discussions, please use
Python. As well as correctness, we are looking for well-structured, maintainable code and evidence
of good engineering practices. The task is expected to take approximately 8 hours in total, however
we appreciate that this may depend on individual candidate experience and the amount of time available.
Therefore, while a solution to all steps is preferable, partial implementations will also be considered.

#### Part 1 - Random walk

Simulate a random walk, generating a “Brownian motion”-like time-series of values {xi}
N
i=0 where x0 = 1.0,
and subsequent xis are computed by applying a percentage change to xi−1. At each step, the percentage
change is a random number, uniformly distributed between −1% and 1%.
Simulate this random walk for N = 1000, and plot the result for 10 runs.

#### Part 2 - Price data and random trading

Assume that the time-series data generated by part 1 is the price (in USD) of some asset. Implement a
simple simulation including two “random” agents, each with the following behaviour: at each timestep,
the agent randomly tries to with buy or sell 1 unit of the asset at the current market price.
If one agent tries to buy and the other tries to sell, their orders are matched and the trade succeeds.
Otherwise the orders are cancelled and must be resubmitted at the next timestep.

#### Part 3 - “Momentum” agent

In addition to the random agent, implement a “momentum agent” who buys (or sells) 1 unit of the asset
at market price when MA21
crosses MA5 upwards (or downwards, respectively).
Implement a simulation with 2 random agents, and 1 momentum agent. Similarly to part 2, orders will be
cancelled if not matched at each timestamp. If multiple orders can be matched, then they are matched
randomly.

#### Part 4 - “Mean revert” agent

In addition to the random agent and momentum agent, implement a mean-revert agent who buys (or
sells) 1 unit of the asset at market price when its trailing 4-timestamp-price-position2
is less than 25% (or
above 75%). Orders are matched under the same mechanism as part 3.
Notes
For parts 2 through 4, print the holdings of each agent at regular intervals. Assume each agent starts
with 100 units of the asset and 100 USD.

You are free to structure the code as you wish and submit it in the format of your choosing. Bear in mind
that the focus is on code quality and good structure. You may be asked to justify the choices you make
during a follow-up call to discuss your solution.

1MA2 refers to the moving average over 2 timesteps. Similarly for MA5.

2Here, “trailing 4-timestamp-price-position” is defined as (cur_price - min_price) / (max_price - min_price), where
cur_price is the price at the current timestep, and min_price and max_price are the minimum and maximum prices over
the trailing window of size 4 (including the current price).